the words of ager the son of Jacob his
the words of ager the son of Jacob his utterance this man declared I fell to
utterance this man declared I fell to
utterance this man declared I fell to earth al and Yuko surely I am more
earth al and Yuko surely I am more
earth al and Yuko surely I am more stupid than any man and do not have the
stupid than any man and do not have the
stupid than any man and do not have the understanding of a man I neither learned
understanding of a man I neither learned
understanding of a man I neither learned wisdom nor have knowledge of the Holy
wisdom nor have knowledge of the Holy
wisdom nor have knowledge of the Holy One who has ascended into heaven or
One who has ascended into heaven or
One who has ascended into heaven or descended who has gathered the wind in
descended who has gathered the wind in
descended who has gathered the wind in his fists who has bound the waters in a
his fists who has bound the waters in a
his fists who has bound the waters in a garment who has established all the ends
garment who has established all the ends
garment who has established all the ends of the earth what is his name and what
of the earth what is his name and what
of the earth what is his name and what is his son's name if you know every word
is his son's name if you know every word
is his son's name if you know every word of God is pure he is a shield to those
of God is pure he is a shield to those
of God is pure he is a shield to those who put their trust in him do not add to
who put their trust in him do not add to
who put their trust in him do not add to his words lest he rebuked you and you be
his words lest he rebuked you and you be
his words lest he rebuked you and you be found a liar
found a liar
found a liar two things I request of you deprive me
two things I request of you deprive me
two things I request of you deprive me not before I die
not before I die
not before I die remove falsehood and lies far from me
remove falsehood and lies far from me
remove falsehood and lies far from me give me neither poverty nor riches feed
give me neither poverty nor riches feed
give me neither poverty nor riches feed me with the food allotted to me lest I
me with the food allotted to me lest I
me with the food allotted to me lest I be full and deny you and say who was the
be full and deny you and say who was the
be full and deny you and say who was the Lord our lest I be poor and steal and
Lord our lest I be poor and steal and
Lord our lest I be poor and steal and profane the name of my god do not malign
profane the name of my god do not malign
profane the name of my god do not malign a servant to his master lest he curse
a servant to his master lest he curse
a servant to his master lest he curse you and you be found guilty there is a
you and you be found guilty there is a
you and you be found guilty there is a generation that curses its father and
generation that curses its father and
generation that curses its father and does not bless its mother there is a
does not bless its mother there is a
does not bless its mother there is a generation that is pure in its own eyes
generation that is pure in its own eyes
generation that is pure in its own eyes yet is not washed from its filthiness
yet is not washed from its filthiness
yet is not washed from its filthiness there is a generation
there is a generation
there is a generation oh how lofty are their eyes and their
oh how lofty are their eyes and their
oh how lofty are their eyes and their eyelids are lifted up there is a
eyelids are lifted up there is a
eyelids are lifted up there is a generation whose teeth are like swords
generation whose teeth are like swords
generation whose teeth are like swords and whose fangs are like knives to
and whose fangs are like knives to
and whose fangs are like knives to devour the poor from
devour the poor from
devour the poor from the earth and the needy from among men
the earth and the needy from among men
the earth and the needy from among men the leech has two daughters give and
the leech has two daughters give and
the leech has two daughters give and give there are three things that are
give there are three things that are
give there are three things that are never satisfied for never say enough the
never satisfied for never say enough the
never satisfied for never say enough the grave the barren moon the earth that is
grave the barren moon the earth that is
grave the barren moon the earth that is not satisfied with water and the fire
not satisfied with water and the fire
not satisfied with water and the fire never says enough the eye that mocks his
never says enough the eye that mocks his
never says enough the eye that mocks his father and scorns obedience to his
father and scorns obedience to his
father and scorns obedience to his mother the Ravens of the valley will
mother the Ravens of the valley will
mother the Ravens of the valley will pick it out and the young eagles will
pick it out and the young eagles will
pick it out and the young eagles will eat it there are three things which are
eat it there are three things which are
eat it there are three things which are too wonderful for me yes for which I do
too wonderful for me yes for which I do
too wonderful for me yes for which I do not understand the way of an eagle in
not understand the way of an eagle in
not understand the way of an eagle in the air the way of a serpent on Iraq the
the air the way of a serpent on Iraq the
the air the way of a serpent on Iraq the way of a ship in the midst of the sea
way of a ship in the midst of the sea
way of a ship in the midst of the sea and the way of a man with a virgin this
and the way of a man with a virgin this
and the way of a man with a virgin this is the way of an adulterous woman she
is the way of an adulterous woman she
is the way of an adulterous woman she eats and wipes her mouth and says I have
eats and wipes her mouth and says I have
eats and wipes her mouth and says I have done no wickedness
done no wickedness
done no wickedness [Music]
[Music]
[Music] for three things the earth is perturbed
for three things the earth is perturbed
for three things the earth is perturbed yes for for it cannot bear up for a
yes for for it cannot bear up for a
yes for for it cannot bear up for a servant when he rains a fool when he is
servant when he rains a fool when he is
servant when he rains a fool when he is filled with food a hateful woman when
filled with food a hateful woman when
filled with food a hateful woman when she is married and a maidservant who
she is married and a maidservant who
she is married and a maidservant who succeeds her mistress there are four
succeeds her mistress there are four
succeeds her mistress there are four things which are little on the earth but
things which are little on the earth but
things which are little on the earth but they are exceedingly wise the ants
they are exceedingly wise the ants
they are exceedingly wise the ants are a people not strong yet they prepare
are a people not strong yet they prepare
are a people not strong yet they prepare their food in the summer
their food in the summer
their food in the summer The Rock badgers are a feeble folk yet
The Rock badgers are a feeble folk yet
The Rock badgers are a feeble folk yet they make their homes in the cracks the
they make their homes in the cracks the
they make their homes in the cracks the locusts have no king yet they all
locusts have no king yet they all
locusts have no king yet they all advance in ranks the spider skillfully
advance in ranks the spider skillfully
advance in ranks the spider skillfully grasps with its hands and it is in
grasps with its hands and it is in
grasps with its hands and it is in King's palaces there are three things
King's palaces there are three things
King's palaces there are three things which are majestic in pace yes for which
which are majestic in pace yes for which
which are majestic in pace yes for which are stately and walk a lion which is
are stately and walk a lion which is
are stately and walk a lion which is mighty among beasts and does not turn
mighty among beasts and does not turn
mighty among beasts and does not turn away from any a greyhound a male goat
away from any a greyhound a male goat
away from any a greyhound a male goat also and a king whose troops are with
also and a king whose troops are with
also and a king whose troops are with him if you have been foolish in exalting
him if you have been foolish in exalting
him if you have been foolish in exalting yourself or if you have devised evil put
yourself or if you have devised evil put
yourself or if you have devised evil put your hand on your mouth
your hand on your mouth
your hand on your mouth for as the churning of milk produces
for as the churning of milk produces
for as the churning of milk produces butter and wringing the nose produces
butter and wringing the nose produces
butter and wringing the nose produces blood so the forcing of wrath produces
blood so the forcing of wrath produces
blood so the forcing of wrath produces strife
strife
strife [Music]